Unit 3 covers three projects for class GD105.

The different arcs used in the clock project mimic the hours, minutes, and seconds using the time function. The clock is designed for AM and PM portions. The time arc has 12 tick lines with different directions of AM and PM. In the AM portion, all hours, minutes, and seconds arcs are located above the time arc, and the tick line in the time arc has an inner point. In PM portion, all hours, minutes, and seconds arcs are located below the time arc, and the tick line in the time arc has an outer point. The background color can be changed between daytime and nighttime. Date and time are converted to Unix timestamp and then formatted to Discord timestamp by using Java API. Using the mousePressed function, the Discord timestamp is copied to the clipboard. 

Moiré pattern was created by overlapping both sets of vertical and horizontal lines in the moiré piece project. The total line number for each set is 666. The vertical line set used red and blue alternatively, and the horizontal line set used orange and violet. The smooth, oscillating value using the sine function is generated, and it creates a wave-like pattern, and randomness using Perlin noise was added using Perlin noise to offset both line sets. The Ben-Day dots effect was added using a nest for loop, which was drawn from the x-axis and then the y-axis. The dot size varies from 2 to 8 and is smoothly based on Perlin noise. The x and y positions oscillate in a circular motion with a radius of 5 pixels,  the color of the dots is yellow, and the entire background color is set to magenta to smooth the effects. 

The personal project used four groups of different colored spheres to check the collision effect of these spheres. Each group has five spheres, and an array of 20 sizes is used to store phases. The independent class of sphere is built, which has the constructor and also moves, displays, and checks the collision functions. 4 arrays of color Palettes were defined to store the different colors of spheres. The random number from -500 to 500 in the Z-axis and the random number from 20 to 40 in a radius of spheres were selected to enforce the 3D effects. The Bounce off the edges and collision effect were checked from the x, y, and z axes as well. 